how to evaluate your apartment
we will not sell in this case
consider how to do it
professional appraisers are important to us
precisely the market value which
will allow us to sell an apartment in
a certain period and there is enough
many mistakes the first is when people
go to the real estate portal are watching
similar options and
think about how much can
cost an apartment in a similar condition
about the same place here
the main caveat is that people
see the price of the offer
that is, this is the price at which people
would like to sell your apartment and she
often, and rather, most cases are not
corresponds to the purchase price, that is, if
present it schematically then it will be
look like this there are 10
wanting to sell their apartment for the price
example starting there from 5 million to 10
we take the same type of apartments and below we
Imagine people who are ready to buy
similar apartments and they start
let's say there 3 million to 6 million
here on the crosshair here and committed
all transactions that is a person who
put his apartment for 78 million
he may never sell her mind
the fact that demand and transactions are made
somewhere around 5-6 million
although in real
and it turns out a very funny thing that
real buyer with seller can
here and do not cross on and find a friend
friend that is, how is it worth
come choose for yourself the most
similar options and the first to do
as a buyer call these options and
try to bargain with them that is
how much they can throw the price already
even on the phone as a rule if on that
side is not a professional seller
then he easily makes concessions even in
telephone conversation
it is important to take into account still really
corresponds to the reality of reality
there is if you approach this
as professional as possible
it is certainly worth seeing these
options i think you can even
find an apartment in your own home
and and see and already in place
try to bargain this way
the cost of your apartment is the cost
buying value then there is something for
how much are willing to buy real
buyer